1. Should a person shower the night before work or in the morning?
2. When a man takes a woman to dinner, should he pay or should they go "dutch"? (Each pays for him/herself.)
3. Do you prefer reading e-books or real books?
4. Describe something you do during your favorite seaso.
5. Which is better to lose weight: dieting or exercising?
6. Which is better for a history class: online or classroom learning?
7. Which is the best month for a holiday?
8. What is good advice for a person who is having trouble falling asleep?
9. Now that you are in America, should you keep your foreign name or adopt an American name?
10. When you are in a Chinese restaurant, do you use chopsticks or a fork? Why?
11. Which is better for you, texting someone or calling him/her?
12. Some people think there should be a tax on soda to encourage people to stop drinking it.  Agree or disagree?
13. Do you agree:  You should always give a waitress a tip even if her service is bad?
14. In an airport do you prefer to go through the body scanner or to be "frisked"? (The security guard runs his/her hands over your body.)
15. What's the worst place to take a tourist in your current city?
16. What's the most stupid holiday you can think of?
17. What was the most important time in your life?
18. If you were in Spain and someone gave you tickets to a bullfight, would you go?
19. Do you think it is important to use capital letters in e-mail messages or is it OK to just use small letters?
20. Should cell phones be prohibited in schools?
21. Should bullying be a crime?
22. Should you give money to people begging in the street or on the subway?
23. Should we have shorter work weeks and longer hours (i.e. 4 days at 10 hours each day)?
24. Would you prefer to go to an art museum or a movie?
25. If you were convicted of a murder, would you prefer the death sentence or life in prison?
26. Is it better to save your money or to spend it as soon as you get it?
27. Do you prefer the white meat of a chicken or the dark meat?
28. Should people be of the same religion when they get married?
29. Is it better to wake up early in the morning or later in the day?
30. Do you believe pet animals should be cloned?
31. Should parents be allowed to choose the sex of their child ahead of time?
32. Should marijuana be legalized?
33. Do you think zoos are generally good or bad?
34. In Mexico there are "pink" taxis, only for women driven by women.  Is this good or bad?
35. Should really fat (obese) people have to pay more for their plane tickets because they use up more fuel?
36. An airline had a somewhat abstract painting by Picasso of a nude woman on a wall at an airport and some people complained that it should be taken down.  What do you think?
37. Describe the worst teacher you ever ha.
38. Describe your morning routin.
39. Are you more like your mother or father in personality?
40. Describe the last fashionable piece of clothing you bough.
41. Is it good or bad that English is becoming the world language?
42. Are tourists generally good or bad for a city?
43. What should you do if your roommate is very noisy and keeps you up at night?
44. What are the advantages and disadvantages of having a smart phone?
45. What are some of the advantages and disadvantages of studying literature as a major in college?
46. What are the advantages and disadvantages of learning English in the USA?
47. What are the advantages and disadvantages of attending a US graduate program?
48. What are the advantages and disadvantages of doing volunteer work?
49. What are the advantages and disadvantages of owning a dog?
50. What are the advantages and disadvantages of just having one very close friend?